in 2022 Google made a whopping 162
billion dollars from search ads that's a
lot of money so why they make so much
money from search ads it's because it
drives revenue for businesses just think
about it this way if you search for a
home to buy in your local city and you
see an ad and you click on it there's a
good chance that you may find a home
that you're looking for from the app or
if you're looking for affordable laptop
and you do a search for it and you click
on one of the ads there's a good chance
if someone shows you the affordable
laptop that you're looking for at a
great price you're gonna buy that's why
Google makes so much revenue from ads
it's a great way for businesses to
capture their ideal customer in a really
easy way and they can do that instantly
in other words the moment you spin up
ads there's a moment that you can start
generating more Revenue you don't have
to wait three months six months or even
a year you can literally generate extra
Revenue the same day but here's the
thing with that much spent on Google ads
you know it's a big thing that's
happening for many businesses they're
wasting money in the grand scheme of
things billions of dollars is being
wasted on bad apps so check this out
this little tool will help you get a
better Roi from your paid ads and this
is especially useful if you haven't been
able to make your paid ads work in the
past so check out ads Grader by me Neil
Patel so what I want you to do is go to
adsgrader.com and put in your url
quickly the tool will analyze your paid
advertising campaigns and tell you where
there's money to save and how you can
tweak your campaign to generate more
income for example I'm looking on my
screen right here at a real estate ad
campaign and when I look at this ad
campaign they have a quality score of
5.89 ideally you want a quality score of
10 but that's unrealistic seven or
anything higher is good enough on top of
that it breaks down how they're wasting
over six thousand dollars on ads and how
they can reallocate that money to get a
better Roi it also shows how their click
through rate is only two point six nine
percent instead of four point seven six
percent was what they want to Target and
it shows you what changes you need to
make so that way you can get that
4.76 percent click-through rate now the
cool thing with the asgrader is it also
breaks on how many Impressions you're
getting how many clicks you're getting
what's your cost to acquire a real
customer and what you need to do in
order to maximize your revenue and it
breaks this down for things like
performance Max search and even display
so what you'll want to do is run your
url through ads grader and it'll break
down really quickly if you're wasting a
hundred bucks a thousand bucks and we've
even seen many companies wasting ikijuna
over a million dollars a month and Miss
manage ad campaigns and it breaks down
step by step what you need to do to fix
it so you can get a better result look
should you be spending money on Google
ads yes but you need to be doing it in
an efficient manner the key is for every
dollar you spend what's a maximum return
you can get and the aggregator will help
you do that for free so check it out at
asgrader.com